(<b>Article by Pranay Kabra - Head of the Model United Nations - MUN Committee</b>)(In 2019, after a lot of encouragement from our school, I finally decided to see what MUN - Model United Nations was all about and it ended up exceeding my expectations. Even though NISSMUN was at a national level it can certainly not compete with international debates where students from different backgrounds, schools, and countries, come together on one platform to discuss global issues and draw conclusions. Little had I known that I would be given the chance to head our school’s MUN Committee just a year later.)(Harvard MUN Dubai and PATHOS MUN, both gave me vast exposure and prepared me for stepping into the real world. Our school’s constant contact with the organizers helped systemize and ease out the entire procedure in each of the MUNs, for all of us. In the weeks leading up to the actual MUN conference, we learned about how the United Nations structure and proceedings work and how to navigate that in a debate, we had mock sessions and were preparing ourselves for to give the other a tough competition. The online platform was not very convenient. Although it was a drastic shift from the physical MUNs we had no other choice but to make the best out of what we had in hand.)(All in all, I can easily claim that my debating skills have been enhanced, owing to the innumerable opportunities I have had because of ILS. It gave me an understanding of the real-world problems. I realize now that diplomacy is a really interesting area to work in. No doubt, both the MUNs were intense and demanding learning experiences; but it was very satisfying too because you see all the hard work you pour into it becomes fruitful. Keeping in mind the difficulties that Covid-19 got along with it, I cannot agree more to the fact that the MUN committee was able to benefit a lot from the entire idea of digitalisation of activities.)(The best part for me as the Committee head was being able to guide all the first timers, despite the constant distance between us all. Another experience I learned from was, adapting my ideas to changing information, so as to make them convincing and manipulative at the same time, when I did not have a lot of time because above all else, the most important skill in our century is to stay in the moment and think on your feet. I would want all my juniors and peers to grab such intriguing opportunities and make the most out of them.(<b>Article by Gayathri Sudhakaran - Head of the Model United Nations - MUN Committee</b>)(The COVID-19 pandemic has certainly turned the world upside down in the past year. Children that were meant to meet other delegates and have interesting, intellectual debates and form friendships did it all over a Zoom Call. Attending an MUN conference is one of those things that you can never forget in your life. And as a committee head, things were a little more challenging than I anticipated it to be.)(As all of the MUNs were online, communication was key. Not just with the organizers but also with my co-head, Pranay Kabra and our Head Teachers, Mrs. Dam and Mrs. Dixit; without whom we could not have achieved all that we did. Communication was most important perhaps, with our delegates. Conveying deadlines for position papers, timings of training sessions and how to research were all easier said than done. The hiccups and bumps we faced along the way were inevitable; after all, so much of how we functioned had changed so drastically.)(Nevertheless, we persevered and had three successful MUNs with our delegates winning some of the most prestigious awards and laurels. I would like to thank everyone for making my time as head of the committee the most memorable one.)