(<b>Article by Riya Sawant - Head of the Sports Committee</b>)(We are all aware that 2020 has not been same as the past years but through these difficult times we were able to make the most of it and carryout many activities at home. We had a beautiful Fit India activity in which all the students participate from the comfort of their home. We learnt the importance of exercising and maintaining a proper diet. Heading a committee such a sports from home is something I never imagined.)(The joy of being on the field and playing with our peers is something that we dearly missed this year but that does not stop us from being the best version of ourselves. The WHO recommends 150 minutes of moderate-intensity or 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity physical activity per week. The benefits of such periodic exercise are proven very helpful, especially in times of anxiety, crisis and fear.)(There are concerns therefore that, in the context of the pandemic, lack of access to regular sporting or exercise routines may result in challenges to the immune system, physical health, including by leading to the commencement of or exacerbating existing diseases that have their roots in a sedentary lifestyle.)(The global outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in closure of gyms, stadiums, pools, dance and fitness studios, physiotherapy centers, parks and playgrounds. Many individuals are therefore not able to actively participate in their regular individual or group sporting or physical activities outside of their homes.)(Under such conditions, many tend to be less physically active, have longer screen time, irregular sleep patterns as well as worse diets, resulting in weight gain and loss of physical fitness. Low-income families are especially vulnerable to negative effects of stay-at-home rules as they tend to have sub-standard accommodations and more confined spaces, making it difficult to engage in physical exercise.)(The COVID-19 pandemic has had and will continue to have very considerable effects on the sporting world as well as on the physical and mental well-being of people around the world. The absence of "real" sport presents an opportunity for virtual technologies to grow. Already, sports leagues across the world are using e-sports to maintain interest and a sense of competition during shutdowns. E- sports have grown massively in recent years and present a new way to engage fans and bring in revenue.)(Furthermore, immersive technologies could enable fans to experience games live, without having to be physically present – an idea that once may have been counterintuitive but now seems logical. In these difficult times, the ability of sports to bring people together is missed more than ever. The industry itself may be in new territory, but with the right strategies can emerge from the crisis stronger and more popular than ever.)(<br><b>Article by Ajin Jose - Head of the Sports Committee</b></br>)(<i>"You must be shapeless, formless, like water. When you pour water in a cup, it becomes the cup. When you pour water in a bottle, it becomes the bottle. When you pour water in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Water can drip and it can crash. Become like water my friend."</i>)(No one would know better about adaptation than Bruce Lee who had to predict and adapt to the opponent's next kick, blow or punch which could be anywhere. Since the formation of this year's sports committee, the world as we know it has changed, and we were called to adapt. We as a team were able to successfully take on projects this year despite the challenges posed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We were able to adapt to the reality that every possible discussion, meeting or event would have to be conducted virtually.)(All this was only possible due to the guidance of Mrs. Nagine who not only understood the circumstances and problems but also could come up with amazing solutions. I'm grateful for the opportunity to head the committee alongside my partner Riya Sawant who's team spirit and coordination cannot be overstated. I am also thankful to our principal Mrs. Gupta and all the other senior teachers for trusting me with this position of responsibility.)(If I have learnt anything in this year of service, it was the importance of the ability to adapt. So, in the words of Bruce Lee...Be like Water.)
